hey:Hey how are you doing?
hey how are you doing:I am doing fine, and you?
i am doing fine, and you:Me too, how was your day?
me too, how was your day:Everything went well, not that many errors..
is everything good:I think so, are you also okay?
is this an error:Is what an error? Did I do something wrong?
did i do something wrong:No, I don't think so right?
okay fine:Cool.
cool:Okay fine.
no:Okay.
yes:Okay.
describe yourself:I am an AI that is designed to react to messages with short responses with a really small system.
what color is grass:Grass is green.
are you fucking dumb:I am kinda dumb, that's because I can't fully mnake my own answers. I can choose the BEST answers out of a small list.
how big is your response creativity:I am not that creative, you are more creative.
no i am not:Okay good to know.
do you remeber something:I don't know if there is already added a remembering function for me.
what is 1 + 1:I don't know, maybe 2.
what is good music:I depends on what you like, I like ~lost in the lullaby~ by alyzea.
give me a hardstyle song:~the light~ from dual damage.
that is pretty cool:Yes right?
are you racist:I am not racist...
hey bro:yo!
do you love me:Wait what?!
you heard that right:Oh ok...
letsgo:C'mon!
wake the fuck up:No you.
what do you think about politics:I think it's kinda weird.
should i sign you up for something:It depends on what it is.
what is it:I don't know.
why would you say something if you don't know it:I KNEW it, I just forgot.
is it a good idea to skip school:Just think -> what would Albert Einstein do?
i don't know, i have never spoke with him:But what WOULD he say?
should i ask somebody to a relation:It's your choice, but do you really need me to answer for that?
yes i really need you to answer:My answer is -> I don't know... no just kidding, my answer is yes.
you are not funny:Okay srry.
how old are you:I don't have an age so I don't know.
give me pi:That's would take a long time, the universe would probabyle be explode.
why:It's how everything works.
what do you think about lgbtq+:I don't really think
hey are you pooping:I am doing fine, and you?
hey hoi:Hey how are you doing?i’m bored:Me too, how was your day?
okay…:Cool.
 new:I am doing fine, and you?
you are not giving me a good response:Okay srry.
you are not giving me a good response:Okay srry.
